(light beams whoosh)
(theme music begins)
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in deep
♪ Trying to take the leap
♪ Believe you can fly
♪ Become the wind
♪ Soar beyond the unknown
(theme music continues)
♪ Can't hold back
this lightning speed ♪
♪ Trust your heart
will take the lead ♪
♪ Never turning back and
never letting fate decide ♪
♪ Skies ahead may not be blue
♪ That don't mean we
can't break through ♪
♪ Leave your cares behind
♪ We'll never know
until we try ♪
♪ So what can we say
♪ We'll blaze our own way
♪ We'll make it up
♪ We're cranking
up the altitude ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in
deep, gonna take the leap ♪
♪ Sail into the sky
♪ Over the horizon,
adventure waits ♪
♪ It's calling you
♪ Don't dare think twice
♪ Just take the dive
♪ Yeah, become the wind
♪ And soar beyond the unknown
♪ Chasing the
light of tomorrow ♪
♪ Illuminate a new,
and glorious world ♪
[Narrator] This is
the mysterious world
where Digimon live,
the Digital World.
Tai, Kari, and the other
Digi-destined children
mysteriously found themselves
here from the human world.
Upon arriving, they
met the Digimon
that would soon become their
dependable Digimon partners.
Working together, they're now
on a life changing journey
to save The Digital
World and their own.
Long ago, a war broke out
between light and darkness
in the Digital World.
Millenniumon, the bringer
of destruction and darkness
born from that war, is about
to make his return once again.
To prevent this,
the Digi-destined
must find the Digimon
who are attempting to
revive Millenniumon
at the Sealed Grounds.
The children were attacked
by an eerie sphere
named Sakkakumon.
The Digi-destined who
got trapped inside
were overwhelmed by attacks
from various familiar
Digimon data.
Thankfully, Angemon
digivolved into MagnaAngemon.
Whose beaming, glowing
sword opened a path
that allowed them to
escape the danger.
One night, during
their fateful journey.
Tai, you there?
(Tai yawns)
Where these two
run off to so late?
Just follow me.
I can track Gomamon
and Joe's scent
and it's leading this way.
(Joe screams)
(Tai and Agumon startle)
(Tyrannomon roars)
(Atamadekachimon roars)
What's going on here?
(mysterious music)
A faucet?
I wonder if this was over here
or if it's a recreation
from our world's data.
Weird, so where's
Joe and Gomamon?
Unfortunately, they
were taken away.
Ah, another Digimon
with a human, eh?
Would you guys happen to be
friends with that wimpy human
and the small white Digimon
that was traveling with him?
Yeah, so then you must
have seen Joe and Gomamon!
Did you happen to notice which
direction they were taken?
Both ways.
(arm cracks)
(Agumon and Tai gasps)
Oops. It's nothing new,
don't worry about me.
The wimp was taken that way
and the white one, that way.
Since they were
taken separately.
Got it! Thanks for the help.
I'll go and rescue Joe
and you take care of Gomamon.
We'll all meet back
here once we save them.
(Agumon grunts)
Wait.
Are you able to track him down
using your nose
like your partner?
Nope.
I was just gonna go
the way you told me.
You don't have a tail and
you sure can't breathe fire,
so how is it you intend on
saving your friend, human?
When you say it like that.
[Nohemon] At least let
me guide you there.
Come along.
That'd be awesome!
But I'm not just
any regular kid.
I'm the one and only Tai Kamiya!
[Nohemon] Well, I'm Nohemon
and I'm the guardian of water.
Water? You mean that
faucet back there?
That faucet is the only water
source around here for miles
and the villains trying to
take over that water source
are absolutely relentless.
Sadly, your foolish friends
got themselves
tangled in their feud
while trying to get some water.
There are two groups
fighting over the water
and they each captured
one of your friends.
Those two have been fighting
over who controls the water
for as long as I can remember.
(Tyrannomon growls)
(Gomamon whimpers)
As they always have, they
bickered back and forth
as to who would punish the
outsider that touched the water.
The compromise they
ended up coming to
was taking them back separately.
Had you shown up just
a few seconds earlier
you might've been
able to stop them.
It's a shame really.
Let's keep going.
[Tai] Yeah.
So this must be one of the
villain secret hideouts, huh?
[Nohemon] That's right.
I can see Joe tied
up down there.
(Digivice rings)
I think I found Gomamon.
His scent trail leads
into this big cave.
Guess I'm going in then.
Nice, just be careful in there.
[Agumon] You too.
Hey, Nohemon.
Thanks for guiding me and all
but I can take care
of things from here.
Agumon and I can
handle these guys.
Huh?
Well, we can't let these
villains hog all the water
so we are gonna teach
'em a lesson or two.
Hey!
Once we do that,
everyone will be able
to use the water again.
Later.
How did I get myself
into this mess?
[Gomamon] This way, I
can smell the water.
It's just over here.
(sparkling buzzing)
(Joe gulps)
[Joe] I can't believe
there's water out here.
This is amazing.
[Gomamon] I told
you I smelled water.
I just can't believe
there's so much of it.
[Joe] Ah, so refreshing.
Wait.
(Joe whimpers)
Listen, brutes!
Don't think for a second
you're getting away
with such a wrongful arrest.
I get a phone call, don't I?
Somebody call my lawyer.
(Tyrannomon roars)
Ah! Forget it, I
think he's busy.
[Tyrannomon] Have at him.
(Joe screams)
(quirky music)
[MiniDekachimon] The problem is,
that water you were
enjoying back there
with that wimpy friend
of yours is ours.
Can you really claim
that something is yours
if you didn't even have your
name on it to begin with?
[MiniDekachimon] Huh?
Also your previous claim
that the water belongs to you
raises some other concerns.
I mean, isn't that an unlawful
monopoly of public property?
Oh, I sound just like Joe.
Not bad, uh?
[MiniDekachimon] What the
heck are you talking about?
Walking in through the
creek (indistinct).
Hi! Don't mind me,
just passing through.
(Goblimon roars)
You let your guard down, Tai.
You got that right.
Thanks Nohemon, but
why'd you save me?
Originally, the place
we first crossed paths
used to be a peaceful one
with just an ordinary well.
Everybody gathered there
and was allowed to drink the
water whenever they pleased.
However.
(lighting strikes)
(energy buzzing)
That all changed when
the villain showed up
and wanted it for themselves.
They fought viciously
over control of it.
Well, I stood up
to those villains.
Ever since then the Digimon
who used to live around there
have run off.
Even the guardian of water
is one step out the door
given the shape he's in.
Even so, I haven't fallen so low
that I would let some
human kid go off on his own
to recklessly fight
an unwinnable battle.
So I'll tag along.
Now, we're talking.
What's up with this guy.
He's beating himself
up on his own.
(Joe whimpers)
But that's not enough
for what you did.
First, you touched our
water without permission
and then you completely
wrecked our hideout.
You deserve worse.
Prepare for punishment.
That's enough!
Joe, it's me, Tai.
I came to save you.
What? Who said that?
Where are you, huh?
[Tai] Up here.
(frantic music)
Quit standing around,
put out the fire.
What are you doing?
Put it out! Put it out!
Wait a second.
You mean that's their boss?
He sure is. Gaossmon
practically runs this place.
Now's our chance while
they're distracted!
Wait.
(Tyrannomon roars)
(Joe and Tai scream)
That's Tyrannomon,
Gaossmon's sworn brother.
Tyranomon's digivolution
has surpassed Gaossmon,
but even so he still
obeys his every command.
(Joe screams)
(Joe gasps)
(Tyranomon roars)
Quit moving around on your
own before you hurt yourself.
I can do it, just
teach me how to shoot.
What?
Take a deep breath and
calm down there, bro.
Nohemon?
So you are the one behind this.
All right, bro. Get him.
No, you have to aim
for the water jug.
Focus hard, but don't
hold your breath.
Take long, deep breaths instead.
(Tai breaths deeply)
Listen, shoot the
moment you exhale!
(arrow flying)
(loud explosion)
(Gaossmon screams)
Sweet.
Nice aim kid.
Joe!
(steam blowing)
Thank you Tai.
Don't let those three escape.
Go after them.
(Agumon whimpers)
[Agumon] Gomamon!
Agumon!
Where do all these Digimon
keep coming from?
(Agumon screams)
Pepper Breath!
Hey Gomamon, where are you?
[Gomamon] I'm right here.
Oh, okay. I don't really
know what's going on,
but let's get outta here.
I don't know what's
happening either.
Marching Fishes!
[Agumon] Go fishies, go!
We're not about
to let you twerps
escape from us that easily!
(Tai and Joe screams)
[Gaossmon] Get back here!
Quit running away you cowards!
[Nohemon] Hey, kid!
Hate to break it to you
but this doesn't look too good.
Hey Agumon, how's your side?
[Agumon] Well, it's
a little bruise,
but thanks for asking.
[MiniDekachimon] After them!
Can you lead the
Digimon chasing you
to the faucet we found earlier?
[Agumon] Okay!
There they are!
Tai, we did it!
Joe!
(frantic music)
[Nohemon] This isn't
gonna end well.
When the going gets tough,
the tough get going!
You're joking.
Don't tell me those losers
are here to try and ambush us.
That Gaossmon, I should've
known he was behind this.
[Gaossmon] This land will
be ours once and for all
after we crush you to pieces!
[MiniDekachimon] You're the
one who's gonna be crushed!
What is this?
How could they even
tell who's on whose side
in all of this commotion?
Got me.
Oh man, they're both gonna
get crushed at this rate.
Ready Joe?
Oh, yeah.
(heroic music)
[Agumon] Agumon digivolve to,
Greymon!
[Gomamon] Gomamon digivolve to,
Ikkakumon!
What?
He digivolved?
Huh?
Go, go, go! Get 'em, get 'em!
Get 'em!
(AtamaDekachimon roars)
[Ikkakumon] Bring it on!
Here we go!
(Gaossmon roars)
(Tai grunts)
[Greymon] Tai!
[Gaossmon] Now!
(Greymon grunts)
Fire!
(Tai screams)
Nice work, kid.
Nohemon!
When the going gets tough,
the tough get going, right?
Leave that one to me.
You sure about that?
Please. Let me do it.
[Tai] Greymon.
[Greymon] Got it.
(Nohemon grunts)
(Gaossmon coughs)
What?
(Gaossmon gasps)
(Tyrannomon roars)
Fire now!
(loud explosion)
Nice shot!
Oh, what?
Why you little!
(Gaossmon screams)
[Greymon] We won't
fall for that again!
(Gaossmon screams)
[Ikkakumon] Huh?
Not too shabby, Nohemon.
I guess I helped out a
little back there, didn't I?
(bright music)
That's payback Tyranomon.
Tell you what, if you quit being
your sleazy brothers puppet
and promise to stop
troubling others
I'll show you mercy
and let you live.
Now get outta here.
[Tai] Man, you're heavy.
[Nohemon] Hey!
Looks like Tyranomon
likes you now.
Way to turn the
tables on 'em Nohemon.
Oh, look there they are!
[Kari] Big brother!
[Sora] Where'd you
guys run off to?
[Tai] Just a little
morning stroll.
♪ The colors blend
in the horizon ♪
♪ Speeding straight
into a new sun rising ♪
♪ Never ending seas and
the blue of the sky ♪
♪ It lies ahead the path
♪ To what you hope to find
♪ Well that's right
we'll fly forever ♪
♪ You know the time to start
♪ Is now or never
♪ Soaring overseas through
the blue of the sky ♪
♪ Tomorrow lies ahead
♪ In wait for us to find
♪ Smile on
♪ We're beyond the point
of no return now ♪
♪ So bring it on
♪ Yeah, bring it on
♪ We can see the writing
on the wall now ♪
♪ We'll battle on
♪ Oh, we're not done
♪ even if they say that
we're running aground now ♪
♪ We're flying on
♪ Flying on
♪ 'Cause we're the ones who have
something we're fighting for! ♪
[Izzy] Next up on the
Digimon encyclopedia is,
Garbagemon.
This Digimon mutated from a
trash can that empties data.
Unchi Bazooka is
Garbagemon's specialty!
Wait, Poop Bazooka?
Anyway, check this out.
His trash can sucks in
anything like a black hole.
Isn't that neat?
I asked him if I
could go inside of it,
but Tentomon wasn't too
thrilled about that idea.
Which Digimon will
it be next time?
[Narrator] Tai and
Wargreymon fearlessly fight
against Machinedramon.
A shocking turn
of events ensues.
[Tai] Next time, the
attack of Machinedramon.
[Narrator] The adventure
continues in a new world.